Never Too Old

Never too old is an app for all the senior citizen around the world. It solves common problem that the elderly face.

Problems I intend to solve:-
1)It is proven that the bones and muscles start degenerating after the age of 45.
 This leads to delicate and weak bones and muscles in old age.

2)It is proven that hormones and proteins that protect and repair brain cells and stimulate neural growth also decline with age.
 Older people often experience decreased blood flow to the brain, which can impair memory and lead to changes in cognitive skills.
 Which means that the elderly people forget stuff easily and their memory power starts weakening after the age of 60.
 And it becomes common for them to forget taking important medicines.

3)During old age its recommended to not stay alone and have some company always with them.
 But the children of many of the elderly people have a 9 to 6 job and they cant be with their parents all the time.
 So if there is an emergency and no one is present with the elderly people then it can be a serious problem.

4)It is also proven that the immunity of important organs starts weakening after the age of 45 which makes them vulnerable to diseases and illnesses.

How I want to solve these Problems:-
1) As i mentioned that the bones and muscles start degenerating in old age. To solve this I have added important but easy exercises that are globally proven to slow down the degenerative processes.
2)As we are aware of memory power weakening in old age and the elderly forgetting to take their medicines i have added a medicine reminder where u can add the name of the medicine, time of taking it and on what days you have to take it. After which the app gives a spoken alert telling you to take your medicine when you have to take it.
3)Its suggested that old people always have some sort of company with them. But what if they are alone and some sort of emergency takes place. In my app i have made an alert button which initiates a call to an emergency contact which is given on the sign up.
4)And as I told in te problems that the immunity weakens I have provided 2 types of easy but highly beneficial breathing exercises. The first is to strengthen your body organs and the second is the breathing exercise created buy Buddha himself known as The Tibetan Healing Breath which is focused on stress relieving and cleaning your aura. 

